General form of a transform that defines an exposed exfn which translates a source exfn:\n\n\n\n is the intermediate key for translating between the key spaces\n\nThis uses three transforms to define a fourth:\n transforms the values\n transforms exposed keys to the intermediate key\n transforms source keys to the intermediate key\n\nExample of a filesystem transform that creates HTML files from markdown files:\n\n\n\nHere the exposedToIntermediateKey and sourceToIntermediateKey transforms are implict. The former maps "foo.md" to "foo", the latter maps "foo.html" → "foo". This forms the core connection between the exposed and source keyspaces. In the context of a filesystem app, we can also make the brackets implicit:\n\n\n\nA transform which exposes the same values as the source, but exposing uppercase keys instead of lowercase:\n\n\n\nAbove, the intermediate and source keys are the same; there are only two keyspaces. We could alternatively have decided to make the exposed and intermediate keyspaces the same:\n\n\n\nIn either case, this transform maps a source value\n\n\n\nto an exposed value\n\n\n},card:{desc:General form of a transform that defines an exposed exfn which translates a source exfn:\n\n\n\n is the intermediate key for translating between the key spaces\n\nThis uses three transforms to define a fourth:\n transforms the values\n transforms exposed keys to the intermediate key\n transforms source keys to the intermediate key\n\nExample of a filesystem transform that creates HTML files from markdown files:\n\n\n\nHere the exposedToIntermediateKey and sourceToIntermediateKey transforms are implict. The former maps "foo.md" to "foo", the latter maps "foo.html" → "foo". This forms the core connection between the exposed and source keyspaces. In the context of a filesystem app, we can also make the brackets implicit:\n\n\n\nA transform which exposes the same values as the source, but exposing uppercase keys instead of lowercase source keys:\n\n\n\nAbove, the intermediate and source keys are the same; there are only two keyspaces. We could alternatively have decided to make the exposed and intermediate keyspaces the same:\n\n\n\nIn either case, this transform maps a source value\n\n\n\nto an exposed value\n\n\n
